<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [Welcome][1]
*   [Encryption][2]
*   [Encrypt][3]
    *   [Parameters][4]
*   [Decrypt][5]
    *   [Parameters][6]
*   [Action Utilities][7]
*   [setResponse][8]
    *   [Parameters][9]
*   [Runtime Globals][10]
*   [LitActions][11]
*   [ethers][12]
*   [uint8arrayToString][13]
    *   [Parameters][14]
*   [uint8arrayFromString][15]
    *   [Parameters][16]

## Welcome

Welcome to the Lit Actions SDK Docs.  These functions can be used inside a Lit Action.  You should prefix each function with "Lit.Actions." so to call "isPermittedAction()" you should do "Lit.Actions.isPermittedAction()"  To understand how these functions fit together, please view the documentation for this SDK, located at [https://developer.litprotocol.com/][17]

## Encryption

Encryption and decryption functions.  These functions are used to encrypt and decrypt data.  The data is encrypted & decrypted using a symmetric key derived from the secret key of the PKP.

## Lit.Actions.Encrypt

### Parameters

*   `params` **[Object][18]**&#x20;

    *   `params.publicKey` **[string][19]** The public key of the PKP
    *   `params.message` **[string][19]** The message to encrypt

Returns **[Promise][20]<[string][19]>** The ciphertext

## Lit.Actions.Decrypt

Decrypt data using AES with a symmetric key

### Parameters

*   `params` **[Object][18]**&#x20;

    *   `params.publicKey` **[string][19]** The public key of the PKP
    *   `params.ciphertext` **[string][19]** The ciphertext to decrypt

Returns **[Promise][20]<[string][19]>** The decrypted plaintext

## Action Utilities

Helpers available inside actions as `Lit.Actions.*`.

## Lit.Actions.setResponse

Set the response returned to the client

### Parameters

*   `params` **[Object][18]**&#x20;

    *   `params.response` **[string][19]** The response to send to the client.  You can put any string here, like you could use JSON.stringify on a JS object and send it here.

## Runtime Globals

Globals automatically available inside the Lit Action runtime.

## LitActions

Global reference to the Lit Actions namespace for convenience.
This alias is injected in the Lit Action execution environment and mirrors `Lit.Actions`.

## ethers

The ethers.js v5 API exposed to Lit Actions for interacting with EVM chains.
Includes wallets, providers, contracts, and cryptographic helpers.

## Lit.Actions.uint8arrayToString

Convert a Uint8Array to a string.

### Parameters

*   `array` **[Uint8Array][21]** The Uint8Array to convert
*   `encoding` **[string][19]** The encoding to use (utf8 supported) (optional, default `'utf8'`)

Returns **[string][19]** The string representation of the Uint8Array

## Lit.Actions.uint8arrayFromString

Convert a string to a Uint8Array.

### Parameters

*   `string` **[string][19]** The string to convert
*   `encoding` **[string][19]** The encoding to use (utf8 supported) (optional, default `'utf8'`)

Returns **[Uint8Array][21]** The Uint8Array representation of the string

[1]: #welcome

[2]: #encryption

[3]: #encrypt

[4]: #parameters

[5]: #decrypt

[6]: #parameters-1

[7]: #action-utilities

[8]: #setresponse

[9]: #parameters-2

[10]: #runtime-globals

[11]: #litactions

[12]: #ethers

[13]: #uint8arraytostring

[14]: #parameters-3

[15]: #uint8arrayfromstring

[16]: #parameters-4

[17]: https://developer.litprotocol.com/

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array
